README.EN-US.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="border-bottom: none">
    <div>
        <a style="color:#36f" href="https://www.tachybase.com">
            <img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/3733d6bd0a3376a93ba6180b32194369.png" width="80" />
            <br>
            Tachybase
        </a>
    </div>
</h1>

<br>



<p align="center">
<span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">The framework is currently in the alpha stage. Please use it with caution in production. If you encounter any issues, please contact us for assistance.</span>
<br>
Tachybase Platform is dedicated to creating a user-friendly application development platform, aimed at lowering the barrier to development, enhancing R&D efficiency, and providing a one-stop solution for enterprise users and developers.
</p>

# Other Languages

[[中文版本](README.EN-US.md)][English version]

# screenshots

<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/c862eed8bdeb178ed9f85c999288ce62.webp" width="400" />
<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/506541d03628c5bddde74c6117612a1c.png" width="400" />
<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/c862eed8bdeb178ed9f85c999288ce62.webp" width="400" />

# Installation

## Getting Started with SQLite

```bash 
pnpm install
pnpm tachybase install
pnpm dev
```

The default username is `tachybase`，and the default password is  `!Admin123.`

# Features

### Rich User Interface

- ⚡ &nbsp;Basic Operations: Create, Read, Update, and Delete for tables, columns, and rows
- ⚡ &nbsp;Field Operations: Sort, filter, hide/unhide columns
- ⚡ &nbsp;Multiple Data Views: Kanban, Calendar, Grid
- ⚡ &nbsp;View Permissions: Collaborative and locked views
- ⚡ &nbsp;Diverse Data Types: ID, link to another record, lookup, rollup, single-line text, attachment, currency, formula, etc.
- ⚡ &nbsp;Role-Based Access Control: Granular control over access at various levels
- ⚡ &nbsp;And much more...

### Automated Workflows and Approval Processes

We offer no-code and low-code workflow options with various triggers to accommodate different business needs. For general office approval scenarios, we have developed a customized solution that you can easily extend to fit your specific business processes.

- ⚡ &nbsp;Extendable triggers, including external APIs, internal APIs, scheduled events, and data changes
- ⚡ &nbsp;Support for external HTTP requests and integration with Feishu, WeChat Work, and DingTalk bots
- ⚡ &nbsp;Integration with AI bots, including Kimi, Doubao, and more

### Programmatic Access Using APIs

We provide the following options for programmatic access. You can use tokens to sign your requests authorized for Tachybase.

- ⚡ &nbsp;REST APIs
- ⚡ &nbsp;Tachybase SDK

# Application Templates

In progress, expected to launch before the Lunar New Year. Currently open for testing—please contact us for access.

# Why Are We Building This?

Most internet companies use spreadsheets or databases to address their business needs. Every day, over a billion people collaborate using spreadsheets. However, working with databases at a similar level of efficiency is still a long way off, despite databases being far more powerful computational tools. Relying on SaaS solutions for this purpose introduces issues like restrictive access control, vendor lock-in, data lock-in, sudden price changes, and, most importantly, the potential "glass ceiling" of capabilities in the future.

# Our Mission

Our mission is to create the most powerful no-code interface for databases and open-source it for every internet company worldwide. This will not only make this powerful computational tool accessible to everyone, but it will also empower a billion or more people to innovate and build aggressively on the internet.

# Open Source License

<p> This project is licensed under the <a href="./LICENSE">Apache 2.0</a> license. </p>


# Contribution

We welcome all forms of contributions. Actively using this project and giving us feedback is the greatest contribution.

Usage
Suggestions
Pull requests

Commit message:

docs: update readme (#1663)
Co-authored-by: sealday <sealday@gmail.com>
Reviewed-on: https://git.daoyoucloud.com/tachybase/tachybase/pulls/1663

README.EN-US.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="border-bottom: none">
    <div>
        <a style="color:#36f" href="https://www.tachybase.com">
            <img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/3733d6bd0a3376a93ba6180b32194369.png" width="80" />
            <br>
            Tachybase
        </a>
    </div>
</h1>

<br>



<p align="center">
<span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">The framework is currently in the alpha stage. Please use it with caution in production. If you encounter any issues, please contact us for assistance.</span>
<br>
Tachybase Platform is dedicated to creating a user-friendly application development platform, aimed at lowering the barrier to development, enhancing R&D efficiency, and providing a one-stop solution for enterprise users and developers.
</p>

# Other Languages

[[中文版本](README.EN-US.md)][English version]

# Application Templates

[Demo](https://demos.tachybase.com/admin/628sp6la1mw) Username: `tachybase` Password: `!Admin123.`
In progress, expected to launch before the Lunar New Year. Currently open for testing—please contact us for access.

# screenshots

<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/c862eed8bdeb178ed9f85c999288ce62.webp" width="400" />
<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/506541d03628c5bddde74c6117612a1c.png" width="400" />
<img src="https://tachybase-1321007335.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com/c862eed8bdeb178ed9f85c999288ce62.webp" width="400" />

# Installation

## Getting Started with SQLite

```bash 
pnpm install
pnpm tachybase install
pnpm dev
```

The default username is `tachybase`，and the default password is  `!Admin123.`

# Features

### Rich User Interface

- ⚡ &nbsp;Basic Operations: Create, Read, Update, and Delete for tables, columns, and rows
- ⚡ &nbsp;Field Operations: Sort, filter, hide/unhide columns
- ⚡ &nbsp;Multiple Data Views: Kanban, Calendar, Grid
- ⚡ &nbsp;View Permissions: Collaborative and locked views
- ⚡ &nbsp;Diverse Data Types: ID, link to another record, lookup, rollup, single-line text, attachment, currency, formula, etc.
- ⚡ &nbsp;Role-Based Access Control: Granular control over access at various levels
- ⚡ &nbsp;And much more...

### Automated Workflows and Approval Processes

We offer no-code and low-code workflow options with various triggers to accommodate different business needs. For general office approval scenarios, we have developed a customized solution that you can easily extend to fit your specific business processes.

- ⚡ &nbsp;Extendable triggers, including external APIs, internal APIs, scheduled events, and data changes
- ⚡ &nbsp;Support for external HTTP requests and integration with Feishu, WeChat Work, and DingTalk bots
- ⚡ &nbsp;Integration with AI bots, including Kimi, Doubao, and more

### Programmatic Access Using APIs

We provide the following options for programmatic access. You can use tokens to sign your requests authorized for Tachybase.

- ⚡ &nbsp;REST APIs
- ⚡ &nbsp;Tachybase SDK

# Why Are We Building This?

Most internet companies use spreadsheets or databases to address their business needs. Every day, over a billion people collaborate using spreadsheets. However, working with databases at a similar level of efficiency is still a long way off, despite databases being far more powerful computational tools. Relying on SaaS solutions for this purpose introduces issues like restrictive access control, vendor lock-in, data lock-in, sudden price changes, and, most importantly, the potential "glass ceiling" of capabilities in the future.

# Our Mission

Our mission is to create the most powerful no-code interface for databases and open-source it for every internet company worldwide. This will not only make this powerful computational tool accessible to everyone, but it will also empower a billion or more people to innovate and build aggressively on the internet.

# Open Source License

<p> This project is licensed under the <a href="./LICENSE">Apache 2.0</a> license. </p>


# Contribution

We welcome all forms of contributions. Actively using this project and giving us feedback is the greatest contribution.

Usage
Suggestions
Pull requests
